Let's take a look at the source code for the review controller.
Let's begin our code review by looking at our domain model,
namely the Review and ReviewEntry classes.
The Review class is a plain old Java object that manages four properties,
id is the primary key of the review,
productId contains the ID of the product for this review,
version is an increasing integer that identifies the version of the review,
and entries contains a list of review entries,
which are the actual reviews posted by users about this product.
The Review class is annotated with the Document annotation,
which identifies it as a MongoDB document.
This annotation specifies that reviews should be stored in
Mongo and in the Reviews collection.
The ReviewEntry class stores individual user reviews.
It contains the username of the user that posted the review,
the date that the review was written, and the textual content of the review.
Because review entries are contained by reviews and do not
live in their own collection in Mongo,
we don't need any other special annotations on this class.
Next, let's review the ReviewController.
This class is annotated Spring's RestController annotation,
so Spring will find it and register it with its
application context as a controller.
RestController responses will be returned as response
entities and automatically serialized into JSON.
The constructor accepts a ReviewService,
which implements our business logic and saves it to a member variable.
The getReview method is annotated with the GetMapping annotation
and handles the GET request for /review/id,
where the ID is the primary key of a review.
It executes the review service's findById method to find the review,
and then it builds a ResponseEntity for it,
including setting the eTag and location header.
If it finds the requested review,
it returns the review with an HTTP 200 OK response code; otherwise,
it returns a 404 NotFound response.
The getReviews method is used for two purposes: If a product ID is
specified as a request parameter or query parameter,
then it returns the review for that product ID,
wrapped in an array list.
If a product ID is not specified, then it returns all reviews.
This method is our search method,
so if you find other attributes you want to search on,
this is the place to do it.
The createReview method is used to post a new review.
It's annotated with the PostMapping annotation for the
URI/review and accepts a review as its request body.
It saves the review to MongoDB by executing the review service's save method,
and then packages up the saved response into a response
entity and returns it back to the caller.
The addEntryToReview method is a little more interesting.
It's used to add a new review entry to a review,
which may or may not already exist.
It's annotated with a PostMapping annotation and
handles the /review/productId/entry URI.
Proper REST design would dictate that we should use the
review's ID instead of the product's ID,
but this format feels a little more natural to our ultimate consumer,
which is either a web client or a mobile client.
So the method begins by retrieving the review for the specified product ID
by calling the review service's findByProductId method.
If a review exists then we us it; otherwise, we create a new review object.
Once we have a valid review,
then we add the new review entry to its list of entries,
save the review in the database,
and package it up into a response entity to return to the caller.
Finally, the deleteReview method deletes a review by its native ID.
It's annotated with the DeleteMapping annotation and handles the /review/id URI.
It first checks to see if the review exists in the database,
and if it does, it deletes it.
If it does not exist, then it returns a 404 notFound HTTP response code.
The ReviewService implements a host of pass-through methods
to the underlying repository without adding any additional
business logic this go around.
The ReviewRepository is probably our most interesting thing in this service.
It's an interface that extends the Mongo repository interface.
We specify two type parameters.
The first is the type of document that we're storing, namely, the Review class.
And the second is the type of the ID, or primary key for this document,
which in our case is a String.
The MongoRepository is a Spring Data interface,
and it's our gateway to all the magic the Spring Data provides.
The MongoRepository extends the paging and sorting repository interface,
which in turn extends the CRUD repository interface.
So in short,
extending the MongoRepository interface provides the
ReviewRepository all of the standard persistence methods
that we need including findById, findAll,
Save, delete, and deleteById,
and provides support for sorting the results and
loading documents one page at a time.
The important thing about this interface,
and the value that Spring Data provides,
is that we define the interface and Spring Data automatically
generates an implementation of the interface at runtime,
and all of the aforementioned methods.
There are ways to extend the repository functionality with
custom queries and custom query methods.
The ReviewRepository defines a method named findByProductId.
The naming and return value of this method is very specific.
When Spring Data sees the method,
it knows that it's a query because of the findBy prefix.
It knows that we want to search by the productId field in the document,
and finally,
it knows that we expect to return a single document
because of the optional review result.
Because we follow Spring Data's naming convention,
we don't need to write any implementation code.
Spring will do it for us.
So this is one of the many reasons why unit testing
our repository is so important. For example, if we misspelled productId, then the query wouldn't work.